= puppet-infra-project

What was orignally a git based puppet workflow has 
since evolved into what we plan on using for building 
nexgen servers for Radio RaBe[http://www.rabe.ch]. 
The main ideas behind this are the following.

* The deploy and build process is fully automated.
* Everything is organized in a true roundtrip editable fashion.
* All code must be in the open to be considered for integration.

As of now I have a working setup that integrates github with 
jenkins and puppet. Since this works nicely I have begun to 
write up an architecture overview on the github wiki.

* https://github.com/purplehazech/puppet-infra-project/wiki/Architecture-Overview

As of now I am progressing nicely towards creating some 
serious infrastructure based on the above goals. Currently,
I am building a fully puppet-managed metro build machine 
that shall be used by a jenkins/puppetmaster setup that is 
mostly controlled by puppet. The latter was built in an 
effort to kickstart the whole next-gen/devops infratructure 
at RaBe. Here are some of the point I plan on tackling next.

* finalize metro build infrastructure and make 
  it build our next generation of vserver images
* create automated infrastructure for
  * creating binary ebuilds for provisioning 
    the new vservers/guests
  * creating glsa update binaries for critical 
    systems
* start adding linux-desktop stuff to the puppet 
  setup and later also to the build infrastructure

From what I have done with metro over the odd several years 
I know that it is absolutely possible to roll a specialized 
desktop distro. This puppet tree shall provide dox on the 
toolchain and it will also be full of stuff needed for keeping 
a community radio stations techie stuff as transparent as possible.
